Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
The Supreme Court reverses
Joe Biden's transgender passport scheme.
Planned Parenthood lied about their abortion pills
and is getting sued by Florida.
And Nancy Pelosi is finally retiring from Congress.
Former Navy Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt,
Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits,
and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
The United States Supreme Court has ruled
in a six to three decision to stop and reverse
Joe Biden's transgender passport scheme.
Epoch Times reports the Supreme Court on November 6th
of 2025
allowed the Trump administration to enforce its policy
requiring the sex designation on US passports
be either male or female,
and also consistent with the passport holder's sex at
birth.
Not what they pretend to be later in life,
but how were they born, male or female?
President Trump had issued an executive order
stating that sex identifiers on government documents
must match the holder's biological sex,
not their delusional sex.
The court's decision in Trump versus Orr
took the form of an unsigned order without comment.
But there were three dissents.
Democrat appointed justices Katanji Brown Jackson,
Elena Kagan, and Sonia Sotomayor
dissented from the new ruling.
The court's order states as follows, quote,
"Displaying passport holders sex at birth,
no more offends equal protection principles
than displaying their country of birth.
In both cases, the government is merely attesting
to a historical fact without subjecting anyone
to differential treatment," end quote.
The court order temporarily stays June 17th order
by the US District Court.
Of course, the liberals sued
and tried to win in Massachusetts,
one of the most leftist states.
But now it goes back to the US Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit for further implementation
of the Supreme Court's ruling.
The Trump administration filed an emergency application
with the Supreme Court on September 19th,
asking it to reinstate its Trump era policy
that reverses the Joe Biden dictates.
Notice that he did this all without Congress, right?
But Joe Biden prevented individuals
from opting for sex markers on their passports
that do not match their birth sexes or Trump did.
The district court injunction now blocks
that was blocking the Trump policy
and enforcing the Biden policy
had no basis in law or logic,
according to US Solicitor General John Sauer,
who made the arguments to the Supreme Court
for the Trump administration.
Private citizens may not compel the government
to use inaccurate sex designations
on identification documents
that fail to reflect the person's biological sex,
especially not on identification documents
that are still government property.
Do you ever notice on your passport,
it says, "Property of the United States,"
and that document exercises
the president's constitutional and statutory power
to communicate with foreign governments.
So when you hand a passport that has the wrong sex on
it
to a foreign government,
you're speaking for the president
who says that you're the opposite gender
when actually you're the birth gender.
A policy does not discriminate on the basis of sex,
says Solicitor General Sauer,
if it applies equally to each sex
without treating any member of one sex worse
than the similarly situated member of the other sex.
So it is fair and it is not discriminatory
because men have the same problem as women.
They can't be the opposite gender,
which is not really a problem, it's just the truth.
Now the passport policy applies equally to everyone,
according to Sauer by quote,
"Defining sex for everyone in terms of biology
rather than self-identification," end quote.
And that's the news or thanks to Epoch Times.
That argument was persuasive
to the six conservative appointed
or Republican appointed members of the US Supreme Court.
It was not persuasive to the three Democrat members
of the US Supreme Court.
As you know, and as we've reported many times,
the difference between the two parties
is that one party seems to honor truth and justice
and godly definitions of sex and gender.
The other party has these delusions.
Where did the delusions come from?
Well, truth comes from God, lies come from Satan.
Biblical commands come from God
and disobedience to God's law comes from Satan.
What does God's law say about this?
Well, here's Deuteronomy 22.
"A woman shall not wear anything that pertains to a man
nor shall a man put on a woman's garment
for all who do so are an abomination to the Lord your
God."
So the God of the Bible gave this command to Moses.
He said, "Men shall be men, women shall be women."
Men don't do this, women don't do this, you're
different.
But in comes Satan and he whispers in the mind
of the Democrat justices, Katonji Brown Jackson,
Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor,
you can pretend to be any gender you want.
And they come out with this dissent
that the Democrat party still wants to force on you,
your children, your grandchildren
to transgenderize them in public schools.
I tell you the devil is afoot, but God is prevailing.
Thanks be to God, we discern on President Trump
in this case, not in every case,
but in this case, he got it right
and the Supreme Court agreed with him.
You are agreeing with the spirit of God.
Let's pray, would you pray with me?
Father in heaven, we do pray in Jesus name
for truth to prevail as government policy
that the government will not join the liars,
that the government will not enforce the delusion.
Instead, the government will speak truth
and the people who are liars, they can lie,
but they cannot force the government to join them.
And Lord, we honor you as the author of all truth
and justice in Jesus name, amen.
Let's take a short break, when we come back,
Planned Parenthood lied about their abortion pills
and safety and now they're getting sued by Florida.
Giving you a megaphone in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray,
he went to the garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs,
come see the Gateway Prayer Garden
just south of the city along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees
by the beautiful Fountain Creek.
Stand at the foot of our large cross and connect with
Jesus.
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb
and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone
along our ground cross as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings and plan to attend
our annual Easter sunrise worship service.
We're located off I-25 exit 132A at 8035 Bandley Road,
just north of the KOA Camp Route.
Experience Jesus at GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
That's GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
Exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness.
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our next story comes from lifenews.com who reports.
Planned Parenthood, the nation's largest abortion
facilitator
has been lying about the efficacy and safety
of abortion pills and is now facing a lawsuit
by the Florida Attorney General.
Florida Attorney General James Uthmeyer filed a lawsuit
last week Tuesday against Planned Parenthood's
abortion business for lying about abortion pills
and falsely claiming that they are safe when they are
not.
As many as one in 11 women end up with hemorrhaging
and many of them have to go to the emergency room
after taking abortion pills.
And the lawsuit now accuses Planned Parenthood
of deceptive marketing practices
'cause they're out there promoting their business
of chemical abortion pills alleging that the
organization
misled women by downplaying the risks
of severe complications.
The lawsuit filed in state court in Florida claims
that Planned Parenthood violated Florida's deceptive
and unfair trade practices act.
It's a long time law says you can't lie about your
products
but instead Planned Parenthood was distributing
materials
that falsely portrayed the abortion pills as safe
and effective without adequately disclosing
potential dangers.
Even when you get common drugs,
there's always a laundry list of potential side effects.
You hear that on the evening news with,
no, please consult your doctor to buy, et cetera.
But Attorney General Uthmeyer's office said the
allegations
stem from an investigation revealing that Planned
Parenthood
and their promotional content omitted critical disclaimers
and information about adverse effects.
What they don't tell you is when you take the abortion
pill,
there's a pretty good chance that you're gonna end up
with hemorrhaging or infection
or the need for an emergency room.
The Attorney General of Florida, James Uthmeyer said,
quote,
"It is vile that Planned Parenthood cares more
about lining their pockets than providing women
with factual information about the health risks
of chemical abortion drugs.
When it comes to health and safety in Florida,
we won't tolerate blatant lies using fabricated medical
facts that have no scientific basis."
End quote.
Florida AG's lawsuit seeks injunctive relief
to halt the deceptive practices and impose civil
penalties
and restitution for affected women.
The actions highlight growing scrutiny
of chemical abortions, which account for,
did you know more than half of all abortions nationwide
are done by abortion pills?
As surgeries become less safe and less legal,
abortion pills are thrown out like candy.
Pro-life advocates, however, have long argued
that relaxed federal regulations since 2016,
including extended limits on the gestational limit for
use,
they're saying, oh, move it from seven weeks up to 10
weeks,
move it from 10 weeks up to 14 weeks.
It's safe to kill your baby,
but it's never safe for the baby.
Now they're endangering women's health
by prioritizing access over safety.
A recent analysis by the Ethics and Policy Public
Center,
a conservative think tank,
examined over 860,000 insurance claims
from women who took abortion pills
and found that nearly 11% or 94,605 cases
of women who took the abortion pill
had serious adverse events,
serious enough to require medical attention.
Those complications, here's the list of side effects
they don't tell you about include bleeding, discharge,
pain,
anxiety, prompting emergency room visits,
according to the study.
Not just a little anxiety,
enough bleeding and hemorrhaging and discharge and pain
that you actually have to go to the ER.
The findings are drawn from verified insurance records,
which contrasts sharply with the abortion industry
reports
that have described the complications as extremely rare.
One out of 11 is not extremely rare.
The pills are safer than Tylenol.
Well, the pills are not safer than Tylenol
and Tylenol itself has been alleged
to impact the baby's health if you're pregnant.
EPPC data prompted a federal response.
Now even the HHS secretary, Robert Kennedy Jr.
and FDA commissioner, Marty Makary,
are announcing new government assessment
of the drug's safety and efficacy.
The feds are studying this,
Florida is suing and taking action.
Supporting studies cited in the EPPC analysis
include a 2009 study in Finland.
A broad study over a long time with 42,000 patients
showed that 20% had adverse event rates
and 15.6 experience hemorrhaging.
It's even higher than the American numbers.
A 2023 Canadian study of nearly 40,000 cases,
lot of cases over a long time found similarly.
10.3% of women who took the abortion pill
had to go to the emergency room.
More than 10%, one out of 10 chance,
you're rolling the dice,
that you're gonna end up in the ER.
In 2015, California examination revealed more than 5%
of users
facing incomplete abortions, infections,
or surgical injuries.
That's the news, our thanks to lifenews.com.
Here's the bigger problem, right?
Is that abortions are always deadly
for one out of two patients that go in.
If the pill is successful, it kills one of the two
patients.
And liars will face the consequences
and the women face the consequence of being lied to,
but here's the penalty for you Planned Parenthood.
Proverbs 20, 12 says, "Lying lips are an abomination
to the Lord, but those who deal truthfully are his
delight."
Let's take a short break, why don't we come back?
Speaking of Planned Parenthood and abortion and liars,
Nancy Pelosi is retiring from Congress.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
I'm Dr. Chaps and I have bad news
and good news today.
The bad news is we just ran out
of the Joe Biden commemorative prayer coins.
But the good news is we just got a fresh shipment
of Donald Trump commemorative prayer coins.
Remembering to pray for our 47th president.
It has Donald Trump on the front, it says,
"In God we trust."
And on the back is the presidential seal.
You can get this for a suggested donation
to support our ministry today of $47.
When you call right now, supplies are limited.
So call 866-Obey-God and press option one.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Or for 67, just $20 more, we'll add the book
and the DVD on Effective Christian Activist.
You can also look at our bookstore
when you visit PrayInJesusName.org,
click on bookstore, get your supplies right now.
We're running out.
(gentle music)
(upbeat music)
Defending your religious freedom, here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
Our last story is also from LifeNews.com
who confirms Nancy Pelosi, the former speaker,
God rest her soul, is retiring from Congress.
After sitting out for two, maybe four years
as not the speaker anymore, now long-term Democrat,
Congressman Nancy Pelosi, a fierce proponent of
abortion
who's unyielding support for killing babies
has drawn sharp rebukes from her own Catholic church
leaders
is now declared that she will retire from Congress
and not seek reelection at the end of her current term,
which expires in 2026.
Pelosi is 85.
She's from California, not just California,
but San Francisco has represented that district
since 1987.
I had just graduated from high school back then.
She finally announced that she is stepping down.
In a CNN interview aired last Monday,
Pelosi emphasized her drive to reclaim
the House control for Democrats saying, quote,
"For me, it's just a question about one thing,
"winning the House for the Democrats,
"and that's what we're doing with Proposition 50.
"It's the first step.
"And the only reason I'm in Congress this term
"is to win the House for Democrats
"to protect us from the poison of the Trump
administration."
End quote.
Well, who's gonna protect America and children
from the poison that you issue in your abortion pills,
Nancy?
For pro-life advocates, Pelosi's potential exit
represents a long-awaited shift in the chamber,
where she had wielded immense influence
to advance abortion on demand policies,
many of which are now federal law.
As House Speaker from 2007 to 2011,
and then again from 2019 to 2023,
so she's been out for two years now,
but she served four years as Speaker in her first try,
four years as Speaker in her second try,
she steered through landmark legislation,
including the Affordable Abortion Care Act, Obamacare,
which expands taxpayer funding for abortion
despite fierce opposition from faith-based groups.
Her pro-abortion record has long clashed
with her own Catholic faith,
drawing condemnation from her own Catholic bishops.
For example, San Francisco Archbishop, Salvador Corleone,
had barred Nancy from actually receiving Holy Communion,
the sacrament of the Catholic Church,
the body and blood, the bread and the wine,
citing her persistent advocacy for abortion as the
reason.
Pelosi, of course, ignored her own bishop,
dismissed his rebuke, and stated at the time, quote,
"I received Communion anyway.
"That's his problem, not mine.
"My Catholic faith is, Christ is my savior.
"It has nothing to do with the bishops," end quote.
Yeah, I think Jesus might have something else
to say to you eventually on that topic.
The decision to send her as a US delegate
to Pope Francis's funeral in April
further inflamed tensions, with critics arguing
it rewarded a politician whose views they see
as antithetical to the core of Catholic teachings
on the sanctity of life.
Now, Pelosi's departure from leadership comes in,
first came in late '22, when Republicans did win
and reclaim the House majority.
She clung to her seat through another reelection bid
in 2024, at the time she brushed aside retirement talk,
saying on X or Twitter that she vows to continue
fighting
for progressive priorities, including abortion.
But speculation mounted this fall,
as challengers began circling in her district,
including State Senator Scott Wiener,
who launched his bid last month,
amid reports of her imminent exit.
So there's already a replacement in her district,
trying to take her seat.
The timing aligns with California's Proposition 50 vote
last week, and the Democrat backed majority
will redraw congressional maps in ways
that could bolster the party's hold on seats like
Pelosi's,
and move four extra seats in California
from Republican to Democrat.
Analysts say that Pelosi's retirement
clears the path for younger Democrats, that's the news.
Our thanks to lifenews.com for that report.
You know what really gets me is,
when she brags about taking communion.
When she was denied communion in San Francisco
by her own Bishop, she flew to Rome
and attended a papal mass with the Pope,
and not from his hand, but from his minions,
she did receive communion and bragged about it.
I hold here the body and blood of our Lord, right?
This is one of those little bread and grape juice cups
that are pretty popular in Pentecostal circles at least.
The scripture says, when you take communion,
don't do it unadvisedly.
Even the Catholic Church says,
you should really go to confession on Saturday
before you take communion on Sunday,
because those who take communion with sin in their
hearts,
they receive into themselves the penalty
of dishonoring the body and blood of the Lord.
So Nancy, no communion for you.
But I pray that you do repent,
and I wanna take a moment to discern the spirits.
How many of these seven things listed in Proverbs six,
apply to Nancy Pelosi?
You decide, you discern the spirits with me.
Proverbs six says, six things the Lord hates, no.
Seven are an abomination to him.
Nancy, do you have a proud look, a lying tongue,
hands that shed innocent blood?
Do you have a heart that devises wicked plans?
Are your feet always swift and running to evil?
Do you bear false witness and speak lies?
Do you sow discord among the brethren?
These are seven things that the Lord hates.
And Nancy, I pray that if you've participated in any of
these
that you will repent and receive the Lord,
and then you can go to heaven.
We're out of time, but I wanna take a short break
and have a word to conclude the show.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
You know, people ask me,
Chaps, we're watching on this network.
We've already set our DVR to record your shows,
but our friends don't have this network,
or maybe they can't watch at this time.
Did you know we are on demand on 10 different platforms?
You can tell your friends to find this show, PIJN News,
on their Roku box or their Amazon Firebox.
Just look under the religion or news categories.
Or maybe you have a smartphone,
or your friends or grandchildren can find us on Android
TV,
Google TV, Smart TV, or iTunes.
Of course, we're always on the internet.
Look for us on YouTube or Facebook or Twitter,
or better yet, subscribe to our daily email alerts
at PrayInJesusName.org.
It's important that you share all of these available
platforms with your friends,
so we can mobilize all of the body of Christ
to pray the news and change the world.
Would you join us?
Visit PrayInJesusName.org to learn more.
We're here in Israel,
in literally the scene of all of the holy sites,
like the Via Dolorosa, where Jesus carried his cross.
The Garden Tomb, where he was raised from the dead.
The Sea of Galilee, where he taught the disciples.
and I prayed,
"Lord, how can I bring this inspiring environment
"into your living room?"
And what we've produced,
is a four DVD disc set,
with the entire Gospel of Matthew.
I teach every verse,
in all 28ados of Matthew,
in short 12 minute segments.
So you can understand,
the exact words that,
Jesus taught from the exact location where Jesus lived.
Pick up the phone right now and call us at 800-Obey-God,
again that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
For a suggested donation of just $50,
we'll give you all four discs,
the entire Gospel of Matthew,
or you can write to us at the address on your screen,
or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
You're gonna love this Bible teaching,
pick up the phone and call us today.
He is the intersection of church and state.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Thank you for watching and supporting us financially.
This is a viewer sponsored TV show.
We can't do this without your continued financial
support.
The Bible says this in Deuteronomy 16,
"Every man shall give as he is able to give,
according to the blessing of the Lord your God,
which he has given to you."
So if God has given you a lot,
please give a lot today.
When you dial 800-Obey-God,
God has given you a little,
please give a little when you visit PrayInJesusName.org.
Thank you for giving, we'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online,
or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries,
Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now,
800-Obey-God, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
(upbeat music)
[MUSIC PLAYING]
you